**RR: While I empathise with the issue of computational expense, I'm
concerned with what is currently presented. This study presents an algorithm
that is unlikely to detect a galactic supernova at 10kpc. While that's not
necessarily a deal-breaker - all algorithms start somewhere, further development
will improve sensitivity no doubt, and proof of principle studies are important
- baseline metrics from which to evaluate  improvement (such as "horizon
distance") need to be defined. Nothing is said on the distance to which
neutrino-mechanism signals - which are expected to be representative of ~99%+ of
core-collapse supernovae from stellar-evolution calculations - can be observed.
                 The statement "For waveforms s20 and SFHx at 10 kpc, the true
alarm probabilities are 49% and 20% for a network of H+L+VK and HLVK
respectively." is all but meaningless to anyone outside this very specific part
of GW data analysis. It would be useful to define a figure of merit - perhaps,
say, the distance at which the true alarm probability is 90% (sort of analogous
to a horizon distance in this case) - and calculate for all waveforms for the
two detector networks you consider. This is the distance out to which you can
see a supernova with this algorithm, and is much more relatable to the average
reader than what is currently used. It also builds a baseline against which
improvements can be made in future work, and from which other authors in the
field can compare and contrast the sensitivity of this work vs other literature.
                  To conclude, a statement on how far sources can be seen with
this algorithm is needed. I suspect this can already be done for the
magnetorotational-mechanism signals with little additional computational cost.
While I understand it will likely take additional runs to establish "horizon
distances" for the neutrino-mechanism signals, it truly is crucial to establish
these numbers - the study is unfinished without them.


Response: We have trained, valided, and tested again the CNN with 1.8^5 
          training samples and 1.08^6 test samples for 0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0 
          7.0 kpc so that we can present results at these distances, as well 
          as the already simulated 10 kpc, for the neutrino-driven mechanism, 
          with a FAP of 0.1%, 0.01% and 0.001%. 
          
          The changes in response to this comment includes: 
          1. The plots including the captions relevant to the neutrino-driven 
             mechanism in the section of results (section IV and section V) have   
             been updated. The text in these two sections have been modified to  
             reflect these updated results.

          2. The text in the abstract and the conclusion has also been modified 
             to accommodate the changes. In addition, claims regarding detections
             of neutrino-driven signals have been added in these sections.

          3. The second sentence in the penultimate paragraph of section I has 
             been updated to be consistent with the distances that were simulated. 
             Likewise, the text in the left column on page 6 has also been changed 
             to include all the distances simulated. 

          4. The iteration number stated in the first paragraph after Eq. 7 in 
             section III has increased to 310 to reflect what is actually done.
    
          5. In the last paragraph of section IV, we have added general statements 
             regarding the comparisons between our results and some of those existing
             in the literature.

*RR: This is fair. It would be instructive, however, to add brief
(perhaps a sentence or two) comment on the impact that the orientation of the
source frame with respect to the observer impacts the amplitude and spectrum of
the signal seen. For example in Fig (8), while hx << h+ in the waveform shown
(for a polar observer), hx ~ h+ for an equatorial observer. As the waveforms
you're training on are from 2D simulations, they are linearly polarised (i.e. no
hx due to imposed axisymmetry of the simulations). That means that when the
algorithm is looking for "magnetorotational mechanism" signals, it is looking
only for power in h+, not hx. This makes it particularly well suited should we
be polar observers, but it's not clear whether the algorithm will find signals
as well given a random source orientation. As the energy emitted in GWs is
independent of the source orientation, h+ is smaller where for orientations
where hx ~ h+, because the GW energy is distributed across both polarisations.
Smaller amplitude can be degenerate with source distance if you're only
searching for one polarisation, so I don't think it will have an effect on
ability to distinguish between mechanisms, but it will likely reduce your
detection distances - by how much, I'm not sure. To be clear - I agree with you
that this is beyond the scope of the current work, but a brief mention on this
issue and why it's important is appropriate.

Response: Thanks for the comments. We added a statement in the end of section IV
          that reads: 
          Finally, as mentioned, the magnetorotational waveforms used in this study 
          are linearly polarised and only have the h+ polarisation. This could potentially 
          cause the CNN to perform differently in reality. This problem can be solved 
          by training the CNN using 3D simulated waveforms when a larger number of them 
          become available.



 **RR: The left panel in Fig 5 - an ROC curve showing true alarm
probabilities (TAPs) from 0.001% to <10% (at FAP<0.3%) - shows the algorithm is
unable to detect neutrino mechanism signals (expected to be ~99%+ of CCSNe) at
20kpc. I imagine that lines at 60kpc and 100kpc were drawn to match the style of
the right panel, but even a cursory glance at the results for 20kpc should have
shown that running at these larger distances would be superfluous. This null
result is even more apparent in Fig 6, where not a single TAP above 50% is seen
in the left panel. It seems clear that trying to detect neutrino mechanism
signals beyond 10kpc at reasonable FAP with this algorithm is unrealistic.
                  It needs to be shown that this algorithm can detect neutrino
mechanism signals (at least from the training set!) at some distance. In the
present manuscript, this is not demonstrated and, worryingly, any discussion of
this minimal. I suggest you resolve this in one of three ways:
                      (1) Remake left panel of Fig 5 over 0.001% < FAP < 0.3%
for a neutrino mechanism signal at 0.2kpc, 1kpc, and 5kpc. Remake the left panel
of Fig 6 for neutrino mechanism signals between 0.2kpc - 10kpc at
FAP=0.001%,0.01%,0.1%. Remake the left panel of Fig 7 for neutrino mechanism
signal at 2kpc, 5kpc, and 10kpc.       
                      (2) Remove Fig 5 and Fig 7. Remake the left panel of Fig 6
for neutrino mechanism signals between 0.2kpc - 10kpc at FAP=0.001%,0.01%,0.1%.
               I recognize the first option (while the ideal solution) is likely
not viable due to computational constraints, so offer the second option.


Response: Thanks for the comments. As stated above, we have trained, valided, 
          and tested again the trained CNN with 1.8^5 training samples and 
          1.08^6 test samples for 0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0 7.0 kpc.  
          Please refer to the above answer for other modifications related 
          to this change.


**RR: My comments and reservations are similar to the section above.
TAPs of 0.001% are meaningless in the context of detection here. I suggest you
remake Fig 9 between 0.2kpc and 10kpc at FAP=0.1%, 0.01%, 0.001%. Again,
discussion of the algorithm's poor performance with neutrino mechanism signals
should be discussed in more depth, and how this could be addressed in future
work.


Response: Thanks for the comments. As stated above, we have trained, valided, 
          and tested again the trained CNN with 1.8^5 training samples and 
          1.08^6 test samples for 0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 3.0, 5.0 7.0 kpc.  
          Please refer to the above answer for other modifications related 
          to this change.

